Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
So now we know all about moving around cells.
We know how to navigate between the sheets on.
Then we're gonna have a look at the third level of the hierarchy,
which is the work books themselves.
Now you're going to see a piece of code or a word that you've never seen before.
And now is this workbook.
Now,
you may be thinking as we did with active cell inactive sheet,
It is redundant to activate it.
But if you have more than one workbook open So if I just hit control and then Onda save a
book one somewhere So let me just press safe on save it.
Whatever saves the desktop save ago.
So now we have to work books open.
So notice well on Book one.
If I want to get back to the workbook where the code lives I use this workbook dot Activate
and they go We are back to this workbook,
the workbook where the code lives now.
Similarly,
if I flipped back to here,
I'm now in book one and I say workbooks.
My macro book dot Activate hit F eight again.
We are coming back to a workbook because we're specified.
The object workbook with a name of my macro book should be activated.
Now,
the third method for doing this,
which is a little dodgy but I've included it here for completeness is reference in the
workbook bites index number.
Now it's index number is the order in which you opened it.
So in this particular instance here,
workbooks one will be my macro book because that was the first workbook I opened on
workbooks.
To would be that second workbook I opened.
So that's the index number.
I must admit I never use this,
but there it is,
just in case you ever need to know.
One thing to knows when you are selecting,
if you want to select a range or a sheet in another workbook,
is you must activate it first.
So here,
if I press f eight workbook ones,
activate.
So here's workbook one.
I have now leader sheet to better.
I'd want bigger so she to let me go back to xi one xi to dot Select will work perfectly
because we've done it in two steps.
We have activated the workbook and we have no chosen sheets sheet to dot Select Notice that
we can't just take this immediately.
Their front like this here.
So you may think I could streamline that into one line of code workbooks.
One sheets to dot select.
If I come back to my macro book and we execute that line of code,
you'll see that you get a runtime error.
You must activate a workbook before you attempt to select it.
Now,
that's only true with selections,
you can still read on right data from a workbook without activating it.
But for selecting,
you have to do it in two steps.
Activate the workbook,
then do the select.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next election.